[Intro]
Well, I spend most of my 2020 dressed like this and working like this, and designing beautiful things dressed like this,
but of course, because we need to be professional, I decided that for zoom calls, I should be like, this [snap fingers].
Hi there! My name is Nadia Otake and I write upside down.
And this is the most weird way to start a video, but I just want to give you a little glimpse of who I am
so you get to know me a little bit more.
I am graduating as a graphic designer. And I just want to share a little bit about why I choose this program.
I'm a photographer by trade. I am born and raised in Brazil, travel the world
and got to meet a lot of human beings from different races, religions, beliefs, and I love humans.
I'm always being visual. I always loved to create things visually.
One of my mottos is 'to bring ideas to life in life into ideas' and human beings are a machine of ideas.
But some of them don't know how to reflect that visually. So that's where I come.
I want to do this through Branding, Print, UX, UI, and Motion.
And I'm still learning some of the craft, but I feel like I want to get better at it
and do things with excellence and beauty to solve people's problems.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
How I see myself in five years, I am pursuing to be an art or creative director and reason is because I love people
and I love the process of design. I don't love just creating things; I love like how you get from ideation to completion,
and how you get, you need people to do that. And I feel like the best apps or best designs were made as a team.
So I know that I'm not good in everything, but I am very good in finding people that are good in everything.
So I just want to find those people and build great teams and just get to this, there. And solve people's problems.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I think I'm inspired by beauty. I'm inspired everywhere I go. I'm a thinker, so I'm constantly thinking about people's behaviours, I'm observing people as a photographer.
I learned to observe people and seeing their struggles and seeing like things that could improve their lives.
So I'm constantly thinking, how can I do. To improve people's lives.
[What is your dream company/studio to work with?]
Agencies that I would love love to work with are open-minded ones are the ones that are looking to the future, and they
are trying to understand the times I feel like like-minded agencies in a sense that we can,
collab and we can create things, not just for the sake of it, but then we can think about how that can improve people's lives and add value to them.
I'm a very colourful person, as you can see here, so colourful. I love colours and I love colour coding things.
So I just want to say thank you for your time somewhere here, somewhere in this thing,
you will find a little glimpse of my work and if you like it, Also somewhere in this website,
you will find buttons or things that you can click to connect with me.
Thank you for your time. And I appreciate it if you're still here. I appreciate it. Thank you. Have a wonderful day.
[Outro]